API Reference

Overview

Use the Paddle API to create, read, and update information in your Paddle system.

The Paddle API is a REST API that lets you integrate Paddle into your app and work with the data in your Paddle system. It uses JSON formatted data for requests and responses.

Use the Paddle API to:

Create, read, and update all the information in your Paddle system.

Integrate Paddle with your app to build signup and other subscription management workflows.

Plug Paddle into other systems that your business uses, like CRM, ERP, or accounting solutions.

Postman is a platform for working with APIs. Fork our curated Postman collection to explore the Paddle Billing API and understand how it works.

The base URLs for the Paddle API are the same for all endpoints. The

is specified a header in your API request rather than in the path.

Use different URLs for sandbox and live accounts:

Your sandbox account is for evaluation and testing. All transactions are tests, meaning transactions are simulated and any money isn't real.

1

1

https://sandbox-api.paddle.com/

Your live account is where customers can make purchases. Transactions are real, meaning payment methods are charged and you earn real money.

1

1

https://api.paddle.com/

All requests must be made over

HTTPS

. Any

HTTP

request is automatically redirected.

Make your first request, set your version, and learn how success responses look.

Authentication

Versioning

Success responses

Learn about the core entities in the Paddle API and how they relate to each other.

Products

Prices

Discounts

Customers

Addresses

Businesses

Transactions

Subscriptions

Adjustments

Events

Notification settings

Notifications

We offer

that you can use to work with the Paddle API in your app.

Postman is a platform for working with APIs. Fork

to explore the Paddle Billing API and understand how it works.

OpenAPI is a standardized way of describing APIs.

to work with the Paddle Billing API programmatically as part of testing and integration.

On this page
